      Films Femmes Afrique Shorts:
      A Sense of Home
      Astel                                     It’s October, the end of the rainy season
                                                in Fouta, an isolated region in the north of
      Print Source mjuvenal@lachauvesouris.eu   Senegal. Astel (13) accompanies her father
                                                every day in the bush. Together, they look after
                                                their herd of cows. But one day, in the middle
                                                of the desert, the meeting between the young
                                                girl and a shepherd disrupts the peaceful daily
                                                life between Astel and her father.

                                                Running Time 24min Year 2021 Country Senegal,
                                                France Language Fula Director Ramata-Toulaye Sy
                                                Screenwriter Ramata-Toulaye Sy Producer Margaux
                                                Juvénal, Souleymane Kébé Editor Nathan Jacquard




      Bazigaga                                  1994, Rwanda. As the genocide rages on,
                                                a pastor and his young daughter take shelter
      Print Source boris@fulldawaprod.com       in the hut of a feared shaman: Bazigaga.
                                                Hunted by the militias and trapped with the
                                                strange woman sorcerer, Karembe seeks
                                                a way out. Inspired by the true story of Zula
                                                Karuhimbi, a witch doctor who saved more
                                                than two hundred Tutsis from certain death.

                                                Running Time 27min Year 2022 Country France,
                                                United Kingdom, Belgium, Réunion Language
                                                Kinyarwanda Director Jo Ingabire Moys Screenwriter
                                                Jo Ingabire Moys Key Cast Eliane Umuhire, Ery
                                                Nzaramba, Roger Noël Ineza, Maély Mahavande




      Ethereality                               Stranded in space for 30 years. How does it
                                                feel to finally come home? A reflection about
      Print Source festival@sudu.film           migration and the sense of belonging.

                                                Running Time 14min Year 2022 Country
                                                Switzerland, Rwanda Language English Director
                                                Gahigiri Kantarama Screenwriter Gahigiri Kantarama
                                                Editor Manuel Viktor Troxler




162
