                                                                                                 Leeds Short Film Awards
World Animation
Competition
Above the Clouds                       There is a fluid kind of storytelling that can only
                                       be realised with animation. As we flip from
Print Source harshegyivivi@gmail.com   reality to imagination, and back again, we
                                       feel our heroine’s palpitations, her heart in her
                                       mouth. The subject? Love of course. Hungarian
                                       filmmaker Vivien Hárshegyi brilliantly captures
                                       its contradictory nature.

                                       Premiere Status UK Original Title Felhők felett
                                       Running Time 14min Year 2022 Country Hungary
                                       Language Hungarian Director Vivien Hárshegyi
                                       Screenwriter Vivien Hárshegyi Producer József Fülöp
                                       Sound Rahel Zimmermann




Bear Hug                               At first glance, a sweet little film, in which the
                                       smallest bear in the forest has a party and wants
Print Source production@jplfilms.com   someone to share his birthday cake. When
                                       the other bears ignore him, things soon take a
                                       darker turn. The best fairy tales have a sting in
                                       the tail, after all.

                                       Premiere Status UK Running Time 11min Year 2021
                                       Country Norway, France Language No Dialogue
                                       Director Margrethe Danielsen Screenwriter Margrethe
                                       Danielsen Producer Camille Raulo, Jean-François Bigot,
                                       Lise Fearnley, Tonje Skar Reiersen Sound Marcus Sander




The Bones                              This incredible new multi-award winning film
                                       from The Wolf House (2018) directors Cristóbal
Print Source lucasengelc@gmail.com     León & Joaquín Cociña, is an account of the
                                       world’s first stop-motion animated film. It
                                       documents a ritual performed by a girl who
                                       appears to use human corpses, resurrecting
                                       central figures in the construction of authoritarian
                                       and oligarchic Chile.

                                       Premiere Status UK Original Title Los Huesos
                                       Running Time 14min Year 2021 Country Chile
                                       Language Spanish Director Cristóbal León, Joaquín
                                       Cociña Screenwriter Cristóbal León, Joaquín Cociña
                                       Producer Lucas Engel



                                                                                                123
