                                                                                Original Title
 Sick Of Myself                                                                 Syk pike
                                                                                Countries
                                                                                Norway, Sweden
                                                                                Year
                                                                                2022
                                                                                Running Time
                                                                                1hr 35mn
                                                                                Languages
                                                                                Norweigan with subtitles
                                                                                Director
                                                                                Kristoffer Borgli
 In this pitch black satirical comedy, director Kristoffer Borgli portrays      Screenwriter
                                                                                Kristoffer Borgli
 a toxic relationship that rapidly escalates to frightening new levels of       Producer
 narcissistic one-upmanship. Signe and Thomas are a young couple with           Kristina Börjeson
 an unhealthily competitive streak which takes a vicious turn when Thomas       Michael Fleischer
 suddenly breaks through as a contemporary artist. In response, Signe           Dyveke Bjørkly Graver
 makes a desperate and shockingly self destructive attempt to regain her        Leading Cast
                                                                                Kristine Kujath Thorp
 status by deliberately making herself ill to attract attention and sympathy.   Eirik Sæther
 Borgli brilliantly satirises the self promotional tendencies of contemporary   Fanny Vaager
 media and the attention seeking impulse in all of us.                          Cinematographer
                                                                                Benjamin Loeb
                                                                                Editor
 ‘It was a wish that I should start the film as a romantic drama, start there   Kristoffer Borgli
 and thus plant certain expectations in the audience. The fact that one has     Print Source
 started in a completely different genre makes it very surprising where the     Modern
 film eventually goes. I want to control the expectations of the audience.
 This is also the case with Former Cult Member Hears Music For The First
 Time, about a woman who has escaped from her sect family. The idea
 is also to start a film as Sick of Myself in a world you recognize, not in a
 twisted universe. With film, you can set the premises exactly as you want,
 and the moment of surprise comes out of expectations. If the expectation
 is that “anything can happen”, then nothing is surprising. The universe we
 encounter at the beginning of Sick of Myself is more recognizable than
 where we end up.’ Director Kristoffer Borgli




96
