                                                                                                       Official Selection
                                                                              Countries
No Bears                                                                      Iran
                                                                              Year
                                                                              2022
                                                                              Running Time
                                                                              1hr 46min
                                                                              Languages
                                                                              Persian with subtitles
                                                                              Director
                                                                              Jafar Panahi
                                                                              Screenwriter
                                                                              Jafar Panahi
Dissident Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi has now spent over a decade          Producer
                                                                              Jafar Panahi
covertly creating deftly imaginative films despite being banned from          Nader Saeivar
filmmaking by the government. Recently imprisoned, that remarkable run        Sinan Yusufoglu
will surely be disrupted but his latest, No Bears is now being released and   Leading Cast
it stands alongside This is Not a Film and Taxi Tehran as resourceful and     Naser Hashemi
defiant statements of creative resistance. In two clever, parallel stories,   Reza Heydari
                                                                              Mina Kavani
he plays a version of himself, directing a film remotely across the Iranian   Cinematographer
border about a couple attempting to get fake passports to flee to France.     Amin Jafari
                                                                              Editor
‘We are filmmakers. We are part of Iranian cinema. For us, to live is to      Amir Etminan
                                                                              Print Source
create. We create works that are not commissioned. Therefore, those in        Picturehouse
power see us as criminals. Independent cinema reflects its own times.
It draws inspiration from society. And cannot be indifferent to it. The
history of Iranian cinema witnesses the constant and active presence of
independent directors who have struggled to push back censorship and
to ensure the survival of this art. While on this path, some were banned
from making films, others were forced into exile or reduced to isolation.
And yet, the hope of creating again is a reason for existence. No matter
where, when, or under what circumstances, an independent filmmaker
is either creating or thinking about creation. We are filmmakers,
independent ones.’ Director Jafar Panahi, a statement made for New
York Film Festival after being sentenced to six years imprisonment




                                                                                                       35
