                                                                             Countries
 Mediterranean Fever                                                         Palestine, Germany,
                                                                             France, Cyprus, Qatar
                                                                             Year
                                                                             2022
                                                                             Running Time
                                                                             1hr 48min
                                                                             Languages
                                                                             Arabic with subtitles
                                                                             Director
                                                                             Maha Haj
                                                                             Screenwriter
 Palestinian filmmaker Maha Haj won Best Screenplay in Un                    Maha Haj
                                                                             Producer
 Certain Regard at Cannes 2022 for her bittersweet and unpredictable         Baher Agbariya
 comedy-drama about male friendship. Middle-aged, melancholic,               Martin Hampel
 and married with two kids, Waleed has abandoned a steady job in             Thanassis Karathanos
 banking to pursue his dream of becoming a writer. But his novel and his     Leading Cast
 life in the seaside city of Haifa seem to be going nowhere. That is until   Amer Hlehel
                                                                             Ashraf Farah
 he meets Jalal, a fellow Palestinian and the laid-back father of a family   Anat Hadid
 that’s just moved in next door. An initially tense meeting develops into    Cinematographer
 a friendship that might just help Waleed get his writing and his life       Antoine Héberlé
 back on track.                                                              Editor
                                                                             Véronique Lange
                                                                             Print Source
 ‘I am a filmmaker who has a melancholic state of mind along with a          Luxbox
 sense of humour. This led me to write a thriller-drama about Waleed,
 a 40-year-old aspiring writer suffering from chronic depression.
 Through this fictional male character, I pushed my opinions and daily
 thoughts to extremes. I know Waleed’s character and I am familiar
 with it. I developed a mockery of my dark side through a person that is
 similar yet different from me. While playing with life and death themes,
 I took Waleed to extremes that I never would have dared to reach…
 I chose to focus on one personality and express the depression of an
 individual, in contrast to that of an entire society.’ Director Maha Haj




30
