                                                                              Countries
 All the Beauty                                                               USA
                                                                              Year
                                                                              2022
 and the Bloodshed                                                            Running Time
                                                                              1hr 53min
                                                                              Languages
                                                                              English
                                                                              Director
                                                                              Laura Poitras
                                                                              Producer
                                                                              Shanti Avirgan
 Academy Award-winning documentary filmmaker Laura Poitras returns            Clare Carter
                                                                              Howard Gertler
 with the extraordinary All the Beauty and the Bloodshed, recent winner       Leading Cast
 of the Golden Lion at Venice International Film Festival. The film follows   Nan Goldin
 the iconoclastic artist and pugnacious activist Nan Goldin, famed for her    David Armstrong
 vital and poignant photographs of artists and hustlers in the Bohemian       Marina Berio
 East Village.The film provides an intimate overview of Goldin’s life and     Cinematographer
                                                                              Nan Goldin
 career. In recent years she has spearheaded a series of impassioned          Editor
 protests in famous Art Galleries, demonstrating against the Sackler family   Joe Bini
 for their role in the opioid crisis.                                         Amy Foote
                                                                              Brian A. Kates
                                                                              Print Source
 ‘I’ve never met anyone like Nan. [And] my films tend to follow political     Altitude
 issues. They tend to follow individuals who are leading an effort to fight
 for some notion of justice or accountability. As Nan and I started doing
 these audio interviews at her house on the weekends usually, it became
 really emotionally deep really quickly. And that led to the other, more
 personal layer of the film. Documentary is cinema.’ Director Laura Poitras




54
