                                                                                Original Title
     Godland                                                                    Vanskabte land
                                                                                Countries
                                                                                Denmark, Iceland,
                                                                                France, Sweden
                                                                                Year
                                                                                2022
                                                                                Running Time
                                                                                2hr 23min
                                                                                Languages
                                                                                Danish, Icelandic
                                                                                with subtitles
     Being too pious can land us in all sorts of trouble. In the late 1800s,    Director
                                                                                Hlynur Pálmason
     a Lutheran priest travelled from Denmark to remote coastal Iceland to      Screenwriter
     establish a parish church. The idealist’s journey was arduous but filled   Hlynur Pálmason
     with extraordinary beauty; the changing seasons indicating God’s           Producer
     power, or perhaps his indifference. Epic adventure Godland was             Johnny Andersen
     inspired by a collection of photographs depicting this journey, which      Birgitta Bjornsdottir
                                                                                Didar Domehri
     were the last known movements of the photographer on his fateful           Leading Cast
     mission. A haunting film for the biggest of screens, laced with            Ingvar Sigurdsson
     sly humour amidst doctrine-vs-nature hubris.                               Cinematographer
                                                                                Maria von Hausswolff
                                                                                Editor
     ‘The film is written and developed for the area around where I live.       Julius Krebs Damsbo
     The rotting horse was my father’s horse and I filmed it for over a year    Print Source
     on our neighbor’s land. The seasonal images of the glacier are filmed      Curzon
     for over two years at a place where we pick mushrooms during late
     summer. The first camp in the film is where we fish trout through ice
     during winter. Most of the locations are spaces that I’ve revisited many
     times and slowly they begin to reveal themselves in my writing. Some
     of them were also very hard to reach and it’s impossible to drive there.
     So we had to carry all the equipment ourselves and travel only by
     horse.’ Director Hlynur Pálmason




22
