                                                                                                          One Love from Jamaica
                                                                                Countries
The Story of                                                                    UK
                                                                                Year
                                                                                2011
Lovers Rock                                                                     Running Time
                                                                                1hr 36min
                                                                                Languages
                                                                                English
                                                                                Director
                                                                                Menelik Shabazz
                                                                                Producer
                                                                                Paulette Harris-German
Lovers Rock, often dubbed ‘romantic reggae’, is a uniquely black                Leading Cast
                                                                                Dennis Bovell
British sound that developed in the late 70s and 80s against a                  Paulette Harris-German,
backdrop of racism, uprisings and sound systems. Shining a light on a           Janet Kay
forgotten period in British music, social and political history, the recently   Cinematographer
passed Menelik Shabazz’s documentary feature underlines the impact              Ian Watts
Lovers Rock made in bridging the multi-cultural gap that polarised              Editor
                                                                                Julian Sabath
Thatcher’s nation. With a fantastic list of contributors, archive footage       Print Source
and witty reconstruction, this outstanding film gives us one of the great       Verve Pictures/Sun Ra
untold tales of Jamaican-UK connection. Screening with Jamaican
short film Sugarcake.

‘To make it for the cinema I needed to add other elements other
than talking heads and music. I added two other elements, the first
being humour. Experiencing the reggae party/blues/dance scene, I
recognised elements that had the potential for humour – from sneaking
out, the styles, dance etc… so I assembled comedians who could bring
that aspect. The second element was the dance itself. It had to be
reminiscent – it couldn’t be just middle-aged people talking about it.
With this dance we had to see it, experience it and it had to take you
back to that feeling as young people.’ Director Menelik Shabazz




                                                                                                          183
