                                                                           Original Title
 The Kegelstatt Trio                                                       O trio em mi bemol
                                                                           Countries
                                                                           Portugal, Spain
                                                                           Year
                                                                           2022
                                                                           Running Time
                                                                           2hr 7min
                                                                           Languages
                                                                           French, Spanish,
                                                                           Portuguese with subtitles
                                                                           Director
 The great French director Éric Rohmer wrote a single theatre play         Rita Azevedo Gomes
                                                                           Screenwriter
 called ‘Le Trio en Mi Bémol’. This has been inventively adapted for       Rita Azevedo Gomes
 the screen by the Portuguese director Rita Azevedo Gomes as the           Éric Rohmer
 poignant and graceful drama The Kegelstatt Trio, named after the          Producer
 famous Mozart composition. Former lovers Adélia and Paul meet up          Filipe Bessa Vieira
 again and discuss their memories and shared love of classical music in    Leading Cast
                                                                           Pierre Léon
 a series of beautifully staged and acted dialogue scenes, all elegantly   Rita Durão
 filmed on a minimalist set. Often imitated, this is the best tribute to   Ado Arrieta
 Rohmer since his death.                                                   Olivia Cabeza
                                                                           Cinematographer
                                                                           Jorge Quintela
 ‘Rohmer wrote a wonderful book, From Mozart to Beethoven: An              Editor
 Essay on the Notion of Profundity in Music, in which he talks about       Rita Azevedo Gomes
 what makes the Trio special. It was the first time that these three       Print Source
 instruments – the clarinet, viola and piano – were played together.       Portugal Film
 It marked a new line in the evolution of music. Listening carefully to
 Mozart’s trio I felt each instrument corresponds to a character. The
 viola is the man, the clarinet is the woman and the piano is Mozart.
 When you hear the piece, you sense the harmony and also the
 dissonance between the three instruments.’ Director Rita Azevedo
 Gomes, from an interview in Variety




26
