                                                                               Countries
     Dead Mint                                                                 UK
                                                                               Year
                                                                               2022
                                                                               Running Time
                                                                               1hr 35min
                                                                               Languages
                                                                               English
                                                                               Director
                                                                               William Peter Bartlett
                                                                               Screenwriter
                                                                               William Peter Bartlett
     A love letter to the seaside town of Scarborough and a celebration        Producer
                                                                               William Peter Bartlett
     of true DIY punk spirit, Dead Mint documents the career of the            Denis Copeland
     mischievous musical outfit Grandads Don’t Indicate. Born from             Leading Cast
     the friendship of best friends Denis and Steve, they evolved from a       Steve Adams
     bedroom recording project into a band staging regular absurdist           Denis Copeland
     concert performances. Inspired by US underground rock of the 1980s        Print Source
                                                                               William Peter Bartlett
     and defined by their playful humour, they penned tributes to the sights
     of their beloved hometown of Scarborough, through which they guide
     us in this warming documentary.

     ‘I love music and being with creative people. Combine this with a
     scything wind off the North Sea and the conditions are perfect for
     Scarborough band “Grandads Don’t Indicate”. They were never
     a joke band. They were more authentic than all the spiky haired
     pretenders. They added their name to other people’s posters in biro,
     blagged their way in, borrowed guitars and unpacked their carrier
     bags of noise. I wanted to make a film about them to preserve their
     true punk spirit. I want someone to watch them in 50 years, pick up
     a kazoo, sticky tape and cardboard and have confidence to build
     their own world.’ Director William Peter Bartlett




58
