                                                                                 Countries
     The Plains                                                                  Australia
                                                                                 Year
                                                                                 2022
                                                                                 Running Time
                                                                                 3hr
                                                                                 Languages
                                                                                 English
                                                                                 Director
                                                                                 David Easteal
                                                                                 Screenwriter
                                                                                 David Easteal
     This off-the-radar contender for Film of 2022 takes place almost            Producer
                                                                                 David Easteal
     entirely within a car, has an unorthodox duration, and characters whom      Isaac Wall
     we only half-see. Yet it’s extraordinary. Sometimes a car can be an ad-     Leading Cast
     hoc ‘honesty booth’; two passengers together yet apart, spared from         Andrew Rakowski
     eye contact. The Plains plays with this ‘car-confessional’ but leans away   David Easteal, Cheri
     from escalating psychodrama, and towards the much greater, subtler          LeCornu
                                                                                 Cinematographer
     pathos that bubbles up around extended chats between a jaded                Simon J. Walsh
     commuting suburban Melbourne lawyer and his occasional younger              Editor
     passenger, plus mysterious disembodied images of the Australian bush.       David Easteal
     A unique docu-drama hybrid.                                                 Print Source
                                                                                 Pascale Ramonda
     ‘[Lawyer/driver] Andrew and I worked together a number of years
     ago in the outer suburbs of Melbourne, which is a very sprawling city.
     …It was a workplace like any other, there were many employees, and
     we discovered that we lived near each other closer to the centre of
     Melbourne. Up until then I had caught the train for the commute, but
     then Andrew started offering to drive me home. …When I knew Andrew
     back then, he would call his mother and his wife during the drive, and
     I’d hear some of these conversations. …The genesis for the idea came
     from that period of time in my life.’ Director David Easteal, from an
     interview with Senses of Cinema




40
