                                                                                                          Fanomenon
                                                                                  Original Title
Confession                                                                        Jabaek
                                                                                  Countries
                                                                                  South Korea
                                                                                  Year
                                                                                  2022
                                                                                  Running Time
                                                                                  1hr 45min
                                                                                  Languages
                                                                                  Korean with subtitles
                                                                                  Director
                                                                                  Yoon Jong-seok
A superb remake of hit 2016 Spanish film Contratiempo (The Invisible              Leading Cast
                                                                                  So Ji-seob
Guest), Confession is a gripping murder mystery thriller full of wild             Yunjin Kim
surprises. When a high-powered executive is found in a hotel with the             Jin-Ah Im
body of his ex, he claims he is innocent and hires the best defence lawyer        Print Source
money can buy. Flashbacks within flashbacks weave a labyrinthine tale             Lotte
of betrayal and literal backstabbing, building to a nail-biting climax.
Featuring note-perfect performances, writer-director Yoon Jong-seok’s
remake seamlessly blends the sleek intensity of the original with the
Korean style of perverse plot twists and shocking reveals.

‘It really made no sense to make the film exactly as it was in The Invisible
Guest since the original is already a great film. That was one of our key
questions: what can we do to make this a different experience and a
different film from the original? So, the ending in particular was a way to
show a bit more of what the characters are feeling while providing a new
experience for the audience… From the very beginning, it was our intent
to create a theatrical feel to the scenes, but there was a risk to this because
the acting had to be really tough to match this theatrical atmosphere –
if it was not, then it simply wouldn’t work. But thankfully, both actors gave
really strong performances… We were very happy with how it all came
together.’ Director Yoon Jong-seok




                                                                                                          81
