      World Animation
      Competition



      It’s Nice in Here                               Two teenagers with a tender friendship
                                                      experience a tragic evening. What follows is a
      Print Source hiddewdevries@gmail.com            fractured retelling of that night, a single, fateful
                                                      moment in time, seen from two perspectives.
                                                      A disturbing study of implicit bias, beautifully
                                                      animated by Robert-Jonathan Koeyers, recent
                                                      graduate of Rotterdam’s Willem de Kooning
                                                      Academy.

                                                      Running Time 15min Year 2022 Country Netherlands
                                                      Language English Director Robert-Jonathan Koeyers
                                                      Sound Tim Fain




      Once More With Feeling                          Pallavi Agarwala is an animator from New
                                                      Delhi. She started this film while studying in
      Print Source pallavi.agarwala.works@gmail.com   London, inspired by her many encounters with
                                                      military statues around the capitol. Archive
                                                      materials meet scything humour with a brilliantly
                                                      original technique, which has echoes of an
                                                      artistic tradition that includes Peter Kennard
                                                      and Banksy.

                                                      Premiere Status UK Running Time 4min Year 2021
                                                      Country India, United Kingdom Language No Dialogue
                                                      Director Pallavi Agarwala Screenwriter Pallavi
                                                      Agarwala Producer Pallavi Agarwala




      The Queen of the Foxes                          The Queen of the Foxes is sad. The saddest fox
                                                      of all. To assuage her yearning, the pack of
      Print Source marina.rosset@gmail.com            foxes skulk around the moonlit town, collecting
                                                      discarded love letters the inhabitants never sent.
                                                      But their plans have unexpected consequences,
                                                      in an incredibly fluffy and cute fairytale of love
                                                      and solidarity.

                                                      Premiere Status Yorkshire Original Title La Reine
                                                      des Renards Running Time 9min Year 2022 Country
                                                      Switzerland Language French Director Marina Rosset
                                                      Screenwriter Marina Rosset Producer Marina Rosset




126
