                                                                              Countries
 Rewind and Play                                                              UK
                                                                              Year
                                                                              2022
                                                                              Running Time
                                                                              1hr 17min
                                                                              Languages
                                                                              English
                                                                              Director
                                                                              Alain Gomis
                                                                              Producer
                                                                              Arnaud Dommerc
 A highly innovative music documentary about the great jazz pianist           Alain Gomis
                                                                              Anouk Khelifa
 Thelonious Monk, Rewind and Play is edited entirely from a French            Leading Cast
 television programme in 1968, which was never broadcast. French-             Thelonious Monk
 Senegalese filmmaker Alain Gomis keeps the raw edges and outtakes,           Editor
 zoning in on an astonishingly intimate recording of the great man. He        Alain Gomis
 improvises at the piano as the crew attend to lights and cameras, clearly    Print Source
                                                                              Docnroll
 uncomfortable in the heat of the studio but transcending the stereotypical
 depictions of a shallow media machine as the extraordinary music
 shines through.

 ‘The sociology of jazz has barely changed since the 1950s. This is where
 I understood the industry of small venues. The owners – most of whom
 are white – squeeze in as many people as possible and kick them out
 as soon as the set is over. The musicians – most of whom are Black – go
 from show to show trying to earn a living, without any social safety net.
 This represents what Black musicians had to go through, with people who
 were disrespectful yet who also admired their work. The material shows
 us Thelonious Monk living between takes. We can also see the media
 machine that helped create so many stereotypes.’ Director Alain Gomis,
 from an interview with France-Amérique magazine




70
