                                                                                                     Fanomenon
                                                                             Countries
New Normal                                                                   South Korea
                                                                             Year
                                                                             2022
Fanorama                                                                     Running Time
                                                                             1hr 52min
                                                                             Languages
                                                                             Korean with subtitles
                                                                             Director
                                                                             Jeong Beom-sik
                                                                             Screenwriter
                                                                             Jeong Beom-sik
Director Jeong Beom-sik’s Gonjiam: Haunted Asylum (2018) launched            Producer
                                                                             Choi Jin
a new chapter in Korean horror and told the story of a web series crew       Leading Cast
filming a live broadcast from an abandoned mansion. His latest film          Choi Ji-woo
New Normal closed the prestigious Bucheon International Fantastic            Choi Minho
Film Festival in July and we’re presenting one of the first screenings       Ji-Hoon Pyo
outside of South Korea. Set over four days in Seoul, New Normal              Lee Yoo-mi
                                                                             Print Source
follows the fates of different characters who are lonely - ‘hon-bab’         UNPA Studio
(eating alone) - whose lives come to interconnect in funny, mysterious,
and sometimes disturbing ways.

‘I became a director after being a cinephile. I make horror films and
thankfully, people find them scary, but I’m not necessarily a horror
fan. I really like 50s and 60s Japanese and European films, arthouse
films. Films are visual language so depending on how you make your
cuts and edit them together and design the sound, you should be
grasping and letting go of your viewers’ psychology. I think that is the
same whether it’s for horror, suspense thrillers or comedies... I wouldn’t
necessarily call New Normal a horror film. It’s more a suspense drama
and comedy. And every time we do another film like this, we will label
it as one of the “Unpa Suspense Collection”. New Normal is the first
in this collection.’ Director Jeong Beom-sik, from an interview with
Screen Daily




                                                                                                     93
