                                                                               Countries
 Unicorn Wars                                                                  France, Spain
                                                                               Year
                                                                               2022
                                                                               Running Time
                                                                               1hr 30min
                                                                               Languages
                                                                               Spanish with subtitles
                                                                               Director
                                                                               Alberto Vázquez
                                                                               Screenwriter
                                                                               Alberto Vázquez
 It’s “Bambi meets Apocalypse Now” in this provocative and strangely           Producer
                                                                               Chelo Loureiro
 beautiful horror comedy from acclaimed filmmaker and illustrator Alberto      Iván Miñambres
 Vazquez. For ages, teddy bears have been locked in an ancestral war           Editor
 against their sworn enemy, the unicorns, with the promise that victory        Estanis Bañuelos
 will complete the prophecy and usher in a new era. Aggressive, confident      Print Source
 teddy bear Bluet and his sensitive, withdrawn brother Tubby could not         Charades
 be more different. As the rigours and humiliation of teddy bear bootcamp
 turn to the psychedelic horrors of a combat tour in the Magic Forest, the
 two brothers come to determine the fate of the entire war.

 ‘I wanted to combine my own directorial universe with the iconography
 of the war-movie genre. Unicorn Wars is a homage to certain films I
 love, such as Apocalypse Now and Platoon. That is combined with the
 enchanting world of the magical forest and unicorns, which reminds me
 a little of Bambi. The story also references the Bible several times, which
 is one of my favorite works of fiction. In fact, the bears have their own
 religion and their own moral conflicts. I tried to show how fanaticism
 can generate a story about war, and how it can shape public opinion.
 These ideas weren’t really conscious decisions: they came to me
 gradually, as I wrote the script. I have always wanted to do a story
 about war and surviving in nature, and this concept meshed with
 my other storytelling obsessions.’ Director Alberto Vázquez




98
