                                                                                             Disability Futures
                                                                          Countries
Robocop                                                                   USA
                                                                          Year
                                                                          1987
                                                                          Running Time
                                                                          1hr 42min
                                                                          Languages
                                                                          English
                                                                          Director
                                                                          Paul Verhoeven
                                                                          Screenwriter
                                                                          Edward Neumeier
Classic action thriller set in a near-future world where the Detroit’s    Michael Miner
                                                                          Producer
streets are patrolled by cyborg police. When officer Murphy is killed     Jon Davison
on duty, tech corporation Omni Consumer Products uses his body to         Stephen Lim
construct a prototype ‘RoboCop’. Engineered to be invincible and keep     Edward Neumeier
costs down, Murphy’s resurrection takes its own path as his memories      Leading Cast
resurface. Verhoeven’s fast-paced thriller balances high octane action    Peter Weller
                                                                          Nancy Allen
and violence with subversive critiques of American culture. Followed      Dan O’Herlihy
by a talk on Technology and Augmented Bodies organised by the             Cinematographer
University of Leeds.                                                      Jost Vacano
                                                                          Sol Negrin
                                                                          Editor
‘In the cultural representation of cyborg bodies and prostheticised       Frank J. Urioste
selves, there is often a stress on the hyperreal and [...] the            Print Source
hypermasculine. Extraordinary exceptionalism abounds. From the            Park Circus
rebuilt police officer Murphy (Peter Weller) in Paul Verhoeven’s
seminal 1987 film Robocop, a text rightly considered foundational
to contemporary visual narrative representations of cyborgs, to the
multiple narratives surrounding Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) in the
X-Men franchise, fictional cyborgs frequently combine depictions of
masculine strength, violence and a moralising humanism as they wrestle
(some sort of struggle is nearly always involved) with the consequences
of man meeting machine.’ Professor Stuart Murray, School of English
at University of Leeds




                                                                                             171
