                                                                                              Official Selection
                                                                            Countries
Living                                                                      UK
                                                                            Year
                                                                            2022
LIFF 2022 Opening Film                                                      Running Time
                                                                            1hr 42min
                                                                            Languages
in partnership with Film4                                                   English
                                                                            Director
                                                                            Oliver Hermanus
                                                                            Screenwriter
                                                                            Kazuo Ishiguro
One of the most acclaimed films of the year, Living is a deeply moving      Akira Kurosawa
                                                                            Producer
and life affirming drama about a man dealing with a terminal diagnosis      Kate Albers
featuring a pitch perfect central performance by Bill Nighy. The film is    Daniel Battsek
scripted by Kazuo Ishiguro and adapted from Akira Kurosawa’s 1953           Emma Berkofsky
Japanese masterpiece, Ikiru. In this remake, the story is transplanted to   Leading Cast
1950s London where the narrow minded bureaucrat Mr Williams finds           Alex Sharp
                                                                            Adrian Rawlins
out he has terminal stomach cancer and decides to use his remaining         Hubert Burton
time to ensure a much needed children’s playground is built nearby.         Cinematographer
                                                                            Jamie Ramsay
‘At heart, this is a story about death affirming life. It’s about how, in   Editor
                                                                            Chris Wyatt
the wake of this man realising that his life is coming to an end, he’s      Print Source
pressured into living. I always thought that this was an important story    Lionsgate
to tell today because we sort of live in distraction. We live looking at
our cell phones, looking into the future. It’s interesting to take a step
back and wonder what it means to be present, actually, in your own
life.’ Director Oliver Hermanus

‘What really appealed to me about Ikiru was that it basically says
that what’s important is that you have a very personal sense of triumph
for yourself. It might be something very humble, but excel yourself just
a little bit. No one may remember you for it, but it will matter to you.’
Screenwriter Kazuo Ishiguro




                                                                                              27
