                                                                            Countries
 Medusa Deluxe                                                              UK
                                                                            Year
                                                                            2022
                                                                            Running Time
                                                                            1hr 41min
                                                                            Languages
                                                                            English
                                                                            Director
                                                                            Thomas Hardiman
                                                                            Screenwriter
                                                                            Thomas Hardiman
 British writer-director Thomas Hardiman makes his feature debut with       Producer
                                                                            Michael Elliott
 this experimental, one-shot dark comedy set in the world of competitive    Lizzie Francke
 hairdressing. After the murder of one of the competition’s top stylists,   Nell Green
 everyone is a suspect in this lavish, flashy, and downright outlandish     Leading Cast
 whodunnit. As the story weaves its way through the competition venue,      Clare Perkins
 we are introduced to an ensemble of suspects, all more ridiculous than     Kayla Meikle
                                                                            Lilit Lesser
 the last. With a gripping script from Hardiman and impressive snaking      Cinematographer
 cinematography from Robbie Ryan, this is a head-turning debut from         Robbie Ryan
 a bold new director to watch.                                              Editor
                                                                            Fouad Gaber
                                                                            Print Source
 ‘Basically the things that interest me have a high and low – hair’s        MUBI
 about how you present yourself to the world, it’s culturally important,
 and then you’ve got the background gossip, and I love that. I’m always
 looking for that thing where you can dart between those two poles.
 I’m interested in comedy and I want to set things on an edge where
 there’s a sense of fun the whole time. It’s a great conceit to take a
 genre film idea and go beyond the genre and make that subservient
 to what the film is really about. It’s a great pitch – a murder mystery
 set in a regional hairdressing competition. What’s not to love?!’
 Thomas Hardiman, Director




92
