                                                                              Countries
 Project Wolf Hunting                                                         South Korea
                                                                              Year
                                                                              2022
                                                                              Running Time
                                                                              2hr 2min
                                                                              Languages
                                                                              Korean with subtitles
                                                                              Director
                                                                              Kim Hong-sun
                                                                              Screenwriter
                                                                              Kim Hong-sun
 When efforts to extradite notorious convicts from the Philippines to         Producer
                                                                              Gu Seong-mok
 South Korea are stymied by a deadly airport bombing, the Korean              Leading Cast
 authorities commandeer the cargo freighter Frontier Wolf for their           Seo In-Guk
 next transfer. As a rogues’ gallery of lowlifes, including a callous heir    Dong-Yoon Jang
 to a criminal empire (Seo In-guk), board the titanic vessel, they are        Dong-il Sung
 escorted by two dozen hardened detectives, and the vigilant oversight        Print Source
                                                                              Finecut
 of a hot-headed Coast Guard captain (Sung Dong-il). Despite the
 heavy security, a plot to seize control of the ship percolates among the
 prisoners and soon boils over, but what neither cop nor crook appear
 to be privy to is that they are not the freighter’s only cargo...

 ‘In Korea, showing blood or violence is not that easy. It’s rather limited
 by the audience reaction, and shy away from excessive use of either.
 You can almost call it a taboo. I knew that, so I discussed it with the
 investors and production companies, and they said they approved of
 the level of violence I wanted to express in my film. We created new
 blood pumps, and my intention was to do something as real or even
 more real than what Tarantino does. As you know, blood does not just
 seep out. If you cut an artery, it might pump out. That’s what I wanted,
 so I’m happy. I understand that some of my audience is not so happy,
 but fortunately, I am happy.’ Director Kim Hong-sun, from an interview
 with Screenrant




94
