                                                                          Official Selection
           We are delighted to open and close LIFF 2022 with
           two outstanding new British films. The deeply moving
           and life-affirming drama Living starring Bill Nighy
           opens LIFF 2022 on 3 November. One of the
           best British debut features in recent years, Aftersun
            from writer/director Charlotte Wells and starring
           Paul Mescal and newcomer Frankie Corio closes
           LIFF 2022 on 17 November.
           Official Selection includes some of the top prize-
           winners and most acclaimed new films of the last year.
           Alcarràs won the Golden Bear at Berlin 2022 and The
           Novelist’s Film the Silver Bear Grand Jury Prize. From
           Cannes 2022, highlights include the joint Grand Prix
           winner Close, and Broker which took the Best Actor
           prize. And from Venice 2022, the Special Jury Prize
           winner No Bears, and Vera which took Best Director
           and Best Actress in the Horizons section.
           We are launching a New Directors Competition as
           part of Official Selection, with UK Premieres of feature
           films from eight first or second-time filmmakers, six of
           whom are women. LIFF has always supported the work
           of exciting new filmmaking talent and we wanted to
           increase our support for features alongside our seven
           competitions for shorts in Leeds Short Film Awards.
           We are also presenting two restorations of two
           film classics as part of Official Selection. Casque
           d’Or from 1952 is master filmmaker Jacques Becker’s
           tale of small-time gangsters, and Brief Encounters from
           1967 is the sublime debut of great Ukrainian filmmaker
           Kira Muratova. As well as Brief Encounters, we are also
           showing two other features at LIFF 2022 in support of


Metronom
           Ukraine – Pamfir, also in Official Selection, and The
           Hamlet Syndrome in Cinema Versa.
                                                                      9
