                                                                            Original Title
 Incredible But True                                                        Incroyable mais vrai
                                                                            Countries
                                                                            France, Belgium
                                                                            Year
                                                                            2022
                                                                            Running Time
                                                                            1hr 14min
                                                                            Languages
                                                                            French, Japanese
                                                                            with subtitles
                                                                            Director
 Quirky, deadpan humour, an absurdist eye for French social etiquette       Quentin Dupieux
                                                                            Screenwriter
 and a keen sense of the folly of existence are among the hallmarks of      Quentin Dupieux
 the oddball comedies of director Quentin Dupieux (Rubber, Deerskin),       Producer
 and Incredible But True is no different. Alain and Marie, a middle-aged    Jacques-Henri Bronckart
 couple, move to the quiet suburb of their dreams. But the real estate      Philippe Logie
 agent warns them that what they find in the basement may well change       Olivier Père
                                                                            Thomas Verhaeghe
 their lives forever. Meanwhile, Alain’s work buddy arrives with            Leading Cast
 his all-new electronic phallus.                                            Alain Chabat
                                                                            Léa Drucker
 ‘[Incredible But True is] probably deeper than usual, even though          Benoît Magimel
                                                                            Print Source
 I still see it as a comedy. Maybe because the subject itself is more       Arrow
 serious, as is what these two are going through as a couple. But
 even in my giant-fly movie [Mandibles], there were some pretty
 complex aspects at play, at least once you looked at it from a certain
 perspective….” When asked why he doesn’t explain his films: “When
 I did Rubber, about this living tyre, the only question I had in my mind
 when I wrote it was: ‘Should I explain it? Should I try to explain why
 the tyre is alive?’ But if you do, if you explain too much, suddenly it
 turns into a terrible movie. You lose all the magic because no matter
 what you do, it will always sound stupid.’ Director Quentin Dupieux,
 from an interview with Cineuropa




90
