                                                                                                          Fanomenon
                                                                                Countries
Sadako DX                                                                       Japan
                                                                                Year
                                                                                2022
                                                                                Running Time
                                                                                1hr 40min
                                                                                Languages
                                                                                Japanese with subtitles
                                                                                Director
                                                                                Hisashi Kimura
                                                                                Screenwriter
                                                                                Kôji Suzuki
The latest in the Ring series of films, Sadako DX is a surprising horror        Yuya Takahashi
                                                                                Leading Cast
comedy that isn’t afraid to make fun of the legendary series and its J-horror   Hiroyuki Ikeuchi
icon, right to the very end of the credits… Several people are found dead       Kazuma Kawamura
all over Japan. A rumour goes around that they died 24 hours after              Fuka Koshiba
watching a mysterious videotape. Of course, it doesn’t take long before         Print Source
Sadako’s name is dropped, and everyone is destroying their old VHS              Kadokawa
player. Ayaka, a young TV journalist, doesn’t believe in the curse, but
after her sister stumbles across the videotape she is in a race to debunk it.

‘Sadako, the long-haired ghost who first crawled out of a well on the silver
screen in the 1998 horror hit Ringu, has since become a global pop-culture
icon. One reason for this is the sheer number of films in which she has
appeared, including four with her name in the title. Another is her deep
roots in Japanese culture and folklore, in which vengeful female spooks
have haunted imaginations for hundreds of years. She is also something
of a cliche, though, a problem Hisashi Kimura’s Sadako DX entertainingly
addresses by mixing in sharp meta comedy with the scares. One reference
point is Wes Craven’s 1996 classic Scream, which comically turned tired
horror tropes on their heads. This has rarely been done in the J-horror
genre, whose makers tend to take their material, however banal, with
deadly seriousness.’ From a review by Mark Schilling in The Japan Times




                                                                                                          95
