                                                                                   Countries
      Babylon                                                                      UK, Italy
                                                                                   Year
                                                                                   1980
                                                                                   Running Time
                                                                                   1hr 35min
                                                                                   Languages
                                                                                   English
                                                                                   Director
                                                                                   Franco Rosso
                                                                                   Screenwriter
                                                                                   Franco Rosso
      A brilliant and important film that for many years since its 1980 release    Martin Stellman
                                                                                   Producer
      has languished, little-seen until the last decade. Babylon fleshes out       Gavrik Losey
      the experiences of inner-city black Britons, the joyous release of sound     Martin Stellman
      systems, and the deep British racism that landed hard from several           Leading Cast
      sources. Inspired by the great producer Dennis Bovell’s wrongful             David N. Haynes
      imprisonment, the story sees Brixton dub reggae DJ Blue pursue his art       Trevor Laird
                                                                                   Victor Romero Evans
      while struggling against the prejudice of neighbours, National Front,        Cinematographer
      police and his employer. Few films were ever this good at depicting black    Chris Menges
      life in Thatcher’s Britain. Screening with the UK premiere of the Jamaican   Editor
      short Flight.                                                                Thomas Schwalm
                                                                                   Print Source
                                                                                   Park Circus
      ‘…films like this can stand the test of time. They aren’t dramatizations.
      This is how it was and is, and director Franco Rosso understood the
      experience. But as [he was also] an actor, he most importantly allowed
      actors and non-actors to be themselves. There was nothing to tell us
      what and how something should be. We all experienced the issues these
      characters dealt with as far as covert and overt racism. You could say,
      we were mostly acting as ourselves. It was just real. I still have people
      who quote lines to me from the movie, because it’s just everyday life.
      It’s our life all the time.’ Actor Brinsley Forde, from a 2019 interview
      with VICE




178
