                                                                                                       Official Selection
                                                                           Original Title
Everybody Loves                                                            Tout le monde aime Jeanne
                                                                           Countries
                                                                           France, Portugal
Jeanne                                                                     Year
                                                                           2022
                                                                           Running Time
New Directors Competition                                                  1hr 35min
                                                                           Languages
                                                                           French and Portuguese
                                                                           with subtitles
                                                                           Director
Jeanne says she is fine but feels like crap. Her business dream is an      Céline Devaux
                                                                           Screenwriter
embarrassing nightmare, she is broke, and worse still, mum just died,      Céline Devaux
Jeanne must now sell mum’s apartment in Lisbon, and finds that a weird     Producer
guy seems determined to tag along. These stresses are the stuff of         Genevieve Lemal
a thousand lesser rom-coms. But …Jeanne is several cuts above              Sylvie Pialat
thanks to a wonderfully bittersweet script and performance, and droll      Benoît Quainon
                                                                           Luís Urbano
animated inserts that show the gulf between an exterior self that is in    Leading Cast
control, and an interior that is falling apart. Very funny, very wise.     Blanche Gardin
                                                                           Laurent Lafitte
‘I wanted to write a comedy about depression and therefore talk about      Maxence Tual
                                                                           Cinematographer
all the toxic thoughts that go through us when we’re not feeling well. I   Olivier Boonjing
had to find a way to portray them joyfully… [Jeanne’s animated alter       Print Source
ego] probably came to me in a dream... It’s a hairy creature, neither      Elle Driver
man nor woman, who pesters Jeanne all day long. A kind of reflection
of shame. It is also the memory of all the voices that Jeanne has heard
that accumulate in her brain. …It is also a huge comic element, because
we can juggle between what she says and what she really thinks.’
Director Céline Devaux




                                                                                                       21
