                                                                            Fanomenon
                   Fanomenon has been a popular part of LIFF since
                   1999 and it was created to focus on film genres
                   frequently categorised as ‘fantastic’, including
                   fantasy, horror, and sci-fi, but also to encompass
                   comedies, thrillers, anime, cross-genre films, and
                   the unclassifiable.
                   This year we present two acclaimed new independent
                   horror films, The Harbinger and Huesera, and Project
                   Wolf Zero is a wild survival-horror action movie from
                   South Korea. We also present digital restorations
                   of two vampire horror films, Daughters of Darkness
                   (1971) and Ganja & Hess (1973).
                   Anime has always been part of Fanomenon and we
                   present one of this year’s highlights, Goodbye, Don
                   Glees!, and the live action Anime Supremacy! about
                   competing TV studios. We have more animation with
                   the unique Unicorn Wars, an action comedy from
                   Spain about teddy bear soldiers.
                   Our selection of films from South Korea includes
                   brilliant murder mystery thriller Confession, dark
                   comedy drama The New Normal, and ‘weird wave’
                   sci-fi The Fifth Thoracic Vertebra. From Thailand, we
                   present action comedy Fast & Feel Love about the
                   world of competitive cup stacking.
                   We have more comedy – of darker kinds – with Sick
                   of Myself from Norway and Incredible but True from
                   France. We have more thrillers too with serial killer
                   drama Holy Spider from Denmark, chilling Haneke-
                   inspired The Uncle from Croatia, and one-take murder



Fast & Feel Love
                   mystery Medusa Deluxe from the UK.


                                                                           79
